as part of the build-up to the
commencement of the dangles a
petrochemical refinery in 2018 the
dangoty group has sent his first batch
of management trainees to India for
training exposure and optimization of
skills this is an attestation to the
group's commitment of developing local
content in the areas of technical and
operational expertise for what we'll
image as the single largest refinery in
the globe with the 650,000 barrels per
day capacity on Sunday March 20th 2016
it was a beehive of activities as the
first batch of trainees gathered at the
lounge of the Matala Mohammed
International Airport Lagos formal
departure they share the excitement and
expectations excitement is beyond words
actually because a very beautiful
portunity as young graduates opportunity
to advance New York area so we have to
say a big thank you to Dan Watson for
this opportunity and thank you to
Nigeria as well I'm excited not just
about the trip I'm excited about the
fact that Nigeria is going to have its
first indigenous refinery and I'm
excited to be one of the people that
will be privileged so power near this
landmark events in Nigeria the fact that
the legendary single latest refinery is
being built in Nigeria so as a Nigerian
and actually excit and I think secondly
been a part of the team that is going to
design and construct and commission and
operate disciplinary that's a very
exacting mr. great career ahead of us
this is history in the making so I'm
excited I'm very excited to just be part
of this making history in Nigeria the
management of the dangoty group give
further insight into the objective of
the training scheme and its impact on
the economy the objective alpha group is
build a Nigerian talent
to build and operate the refinery this
is going to be the world's biggest
grassroot refinery ever put up and it's
going to be latest technology
manufacturing the highest standards in
terms of fuel we're going to be able to
manufacture up a Euro 5 so this calls
for a different knowledge different
capability different competence and let
me tell you this is going to be the
world's most productive refinery for us
to be able to ensure that the plant is
not only well constructed but effective
effectively and the efficiently operated
going forward we need our staff who will
be running those refineries to be
involved up initial from the beginning
from the design stage so that they know
what each and every machinery is
supposed to do and how it is supposed to
do it that is why these young people we
are recruit we have recruited over the
past when you are now being sent in
there where a consultant outfit
engineering outfit is doing the
engineering design right so the
intention that they will go and
participate in the design process they
don't know what is happening they will
know what is under the ground and what
is above the ground refinery is made of
when you go to the final you don't see
anything clearly it's all pipes and
drums and reactors and another pipe in
underground but a good refiner must know
where each equipment is what is going on
in each of those equipment what is going
on inside what is going on underground
because believe me what if you are to
assess the investment they are put in
underground that you will never see it
is probably going to be up to about 20%
of the photog investment is huge and we
need to be able to understand at every
moment what is going on underground so
these young people are well there to
participate in them
additionally of course they come from
different departments of the refinery
some are going to be maintenance some
are going to be in production processes
in engineering and so on and what we
will do while they are there is to
ensure that we send them to refineries
in India that are currently in operation
especially refineries that are similar
our own so that they can also
participate in the maintenance they can
participate in the operation they can
participate in the overall running of
the refinery why are we doing this
because you know efficient operation of
any process plant does not depend only
on the plant
there's no depend on the equipment
there's no depend on the technology it
depends on an individual that's what
that's operated my expectation is to to
have more knowledge and understanding on
based on how he finally works and also
to be able to come to Nigeria to add
value to our high sector whole so to
make sure our refinery here is my
experience training is to come back a
full blown Petro chemical engineer so on
the nose other good night the refinery I
can help in nation building
tt industry is really good is really
helped us for me II am actually petunia
and even though fidelity industry made
probably by now this referral partner
plan for a bank maybe assets bank or
Zenit or a bound but this opportunity
has come to put me in a technical be
able to get off and do something I like
doing I'm expecting a lot of training
world-class training and I'm also
expecting to gain a lot of experience
from experienced professionals as well
our expectations will be limited on
maybe technology first on the training
on-the-job training we are going to
assess many experts here on the
industries so we are going to train them
the best part is that once they get
involved they design how it is design
every area the same engineers they're
going to come back after year they're
going to get in the field what they
design they're going to build on the
field then they're going to operate it
so growing with the line attitude
growing with the knowledge how it is
done they are very thorough so they know
exactly the confidence that they'll get
is fantastic then with a group based on
deliver I know sofa or see the very very
ambitious
they are very ambitious and they also
try to attend to the needs of the common
man if you look at all the products of
done with you
the actual address the needs of the
common man on the streets so this is my
exception if we start finding oil
I believe all these problems of false
caste will be doughnuts dangled a group
is reputed to always get the best for
the things they want to do they get the
best hand to get the best expertise so I
believe the training there by the time
we come back will be able to contribute
optimally to the refinery in Nigeria see
this is the first batch of 15 we have
under two batches ready so one more
batch will also come after couple of
months thereafter a major initiative in
terms of operation training will start
we have already selected and able to
join in about three months time we'll
start that so in two phases we will have
about 800 to 900 engineers we have taken
people what about up to 30 years some
have some experience see we are
preferring people who don't have any
mindset and who are fresh so we want to
bring the right attitudes also right
beliefs behavior so that's why we firmly
believe we can do it
well with our young talent for future it
is expected that this proactive step of
human capacity development by dangoty
who translates to the provision of war
class service delivery in the Nigerian
petroleum sector